Fix/remove square (#396)
vtex-apps/store: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - ProductContext loading prop is only set true while the main product quuery is being done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ProductContext loading prop is only set true while the main product query is done.
```
